docs: add missing jwt claims and clock skew (#3908)
PostgREST/postgrest: docs/references/auth.rst

JWT Claims Validation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

PostgREST honors the following `JWT claims <https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.4>`_:

- ``exp`` Expiration Time
- ``iat`` Issued At
- ``nbf`` Not Before
- ``aud`` Audience, see :ref:`jwt-aud`

.. note::

>   PostgREST allows a ``30`` seconds clock skew for validating the time-based claims. This means that it allows an extra 30 seconds for that claim before rejecting it.

Reviewer: Making the claims explicit:

```suggestion
  PostgREST allows for a 30-second clock skew when validatiing the `exp` and `iat` claims. In other words, it gives an extra 30 seconds before the token is rejected if there is a slight discrepancy in the timestamps.
```

>   PostgREST allows for a 30-second clock skew when validatiing the `exp` and `iat` claims. In other words, it gives an extra 30 seconds before the token is rejected if there is a slight discrepancy in the timestamps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  PostgREST allows for a 30-second clock skew when validating the ``exp`` and ``iat`` claims. In other words, it gives an extra 30 seconds before the token is rejected if there is a slight discrepancy in the timestamps.
```
